Add Webhook debugging guide, updates to sync guide (#851)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/integrations/webhooks/sync-data.mdx

Reviewer: so this guide and the "create a webhook" guide are almost identical - do we want to merge the two? or do we want to keep this one as a standalone guide, and add a working example where we sync the user table to a third-party's user table (because this is the question that gets asked a lot in regards to webhooks)

Author: I think there is some overlap, but not a ton. That is partly why I tried to avoid any sort of 'this is how you set it up' in this guide, to keep it lean and focused on troubleshooting. I also suspect this will get expanded. There is also the search/name value of something focused on troubleshooting versus creating.

Reviewer: Sorry, I'm talking about the "sync-data" guide!!
I think the sync data guide should sit on top of the "Create a webhook" guide - like in the intro, it could say "You should have followed this guide to create a webhook" and then it gets into the details of what specific endpoints they need to set up to sync our userbase with their third-party userbase.

Author: Honestly, I would just expanded the Sync guide with data from your new Create guide. The sync guide already covered a bunch of that material. I figured there was a reason for creating the new guide so I didn't ask about it.

</CodeBlockTabs>

### Add your endpoint to Middleware

> Your Route Handler must be made public or ignored by Middleware to allow the request to succeed. The following example will make any webhooks created under `app/api/webhooks/` public. See [authMiddleware](/docs/references/nextjs/auth-middleware) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your API route must be made public or ignored by Middleware to allow the request to succeed. The following example will make any webhooks created under `app/api/webhooks/` or in `pages/api/webhooks.ts` public. See [authMiddleware](/docs/references/nextjs/auth-middleware) for more information.
```

Changed language to be inclusive of Pages router since we have a Pages example on the page

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Clerk's `authMiddleware()` protects all routes by default. In order for the webhook to reach your endpoint, you must make the Route Handler public. To do so, you can pass the route to the [`publicRoutes` property](/docs/references/nextjs/auth-middleware#make-routes-public-by-using-public-routes) in the `authMiddleware()` options.

The following example makes the `/api/webhooks` route and all its subroutes public:
```

Author: @S3Prototype -- I've changed this to be inclusive, by mentioning both. They are API Routes in Pages Router and Route Handlers in App Router. There isn't a single official term that applies to both.
